=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Config::Git - Plugin configuration containing settings for a Git repo

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    [Config::Git / Git::main]
    remote        = origin
    local_branch  = master
    remote_branch = master
    allow_dirty   = dist.ini
    allow_dirty   = README
    allow_dirty   = qr{\w+\.ini}
    changelog     = Changes
 
    [Git::CheckFor::CorrectBranch]
    git_config = Git::main
 
    [@Git]
    git_config = Git::main
 
    ; etc.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a configuration plugin for Git repoE<sol>branch information.  A configuration plugin is sort of like a Stash, but is better suited
for intra-plugin data sharing, using distro (not user) data.

Why use this?  To provide a standard set of information to other Git plugins easily, especially if the repo data is non-standard, or if
you need more than one set of data.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 remote

Name of the remote repo, in standard Git repo format (refspec or git URL).

Default is C<<< origin >>>.

=head2 local_branch

Name of the local branch name.

Default is C<<< master >>>.

=head2 remote_branch

Name of the remote branch name.

Default is C<<< master >>>.

=head2 allow_dirty

Filenames of files in the local repo that are allowed to have modifications prior to a write action, such as a commit.  Multiple lines
are allowed.  Any strings in standard C<<< qr >>> notation are interpreted as regular expressions.

Default is C<<< dist.ini >>> and whatever L<changelog> is set to.

=head2 changelog

Name of your change log.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 remote_repo_refspec

Shorthand for C<<< $remote $local_branch:$remote_branch >>>.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Kent Fredric and Karen Etheridge for implementation discussion.

=head1 AVAILABILITY

The project homepage is L<https://github.com/SineSwiper/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Config-Git/wiki>.

The latest version of this module is available from the Comprehensive Perl
Archive Network (CPAN). Visit L<http://www.perl.com/CPAN/> to find a CPAN
site near you, or see L<https://metacpan.org/module/Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Config::Git/>.

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Internet Relay Chat

You can get live help by using IRC ( Internet Relay Chat ). If you don't know what IRC is,
please read this excellent guide: L<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat>. Please
be courteous and patient when talking to us, as we might be busy or sleeping! You can join
those networks/channels and get help:

=over 4

=item *

irc.perl.org

You can connect to the server at 'irc.perl.org' and talk to this person for help: SineSwiper.

=back

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests via L<https://github.com/SineSwiper/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Config-Git/issues>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Brendan Byrd <BBYRD@CPAN.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2013 by Brendan Byrd.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Artistic License 2.0 (GPL Compatible)

